hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_NITV_cryptoapp_di_AppModule
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_MyApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_NITV_cryptoapp_MyApplication
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_UI_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_UI_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_coin_details_CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_coin_details_CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_NITV_cryptoapp_MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/NITV/cryptoapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.BuildConfig
com/NITV/cryptoapp/presentations/coin_details/CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_details.CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_details.CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_details.CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/NITV/cryptoapp/data/repository/CoinRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.data.repository.CoinRepositoryImpl_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/NITV/cryptoapp/domain/UseCases/get_coin/GetCoinUseCase_Factory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.domain.UseCases.get_coin.GetCoinUseCase_Factory
com/NITV/cryptoapp/presentations/coin_details/CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_details.CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_details.CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/NITV/cryptoapp/MyApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_MyApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_NITV_cryptoapp_MyApplication
com/NITV/cryptoapp/presentations/coin_list/CoinListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_list.CoinListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_list.CoinListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_coin_list_CoinListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_coin_list_CoinListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_coin_details_CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_coin_details_CoinDetailsViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/NITV/cryptoapp/presentations/coin_details/CoinDetailsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_details.CoinDetailsViewModel_Factory
com/NITV/cryptoapp/di/AppModule_ProvideCoinRepositoryFactory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.di.AppModule_ProvideCoinRepositoryFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_coin_list_CoinListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_NITV_cryptoapp_presentations_coin_list_CoinListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/NITV/cryptoapp/di/AppModule_ProvideCoinApiFactory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.di.AppModule_ProvideCoinApiFactory
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.di.AppModule_ProvideCoinApiFactory$InstanceHolder
com/NITV/cryptoapp/presentations/coin_list/CoinListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_list.CoinListViewModel_Factory
com/NITV/cryptoapp/MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/NITV/cryptoapp/DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/NITV/cryptoapp/Hilt_MyApplication.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.Hilt_MyApplication
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.Hilt_MyApplication$1
com/NITV/cryptoapp/MyApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/NITV/cryptoapp/presentations/UI/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.UI.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.UI.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/NITV/cryptoapp/domain/UseCases/get_coins/GetCoinsUseCase_Factory.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.domain.UseCases.get_coins.GetCoinsUseCase_Factory
com/NITV/cryptoapp/presentations/coin_list/CoinListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_list.CoinListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_list.CoinListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.coin_list.CoinListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/NITV/cryptoapp/presentations/UI/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.NITV.cryptoapp.presentations.UI.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
